This fork is a customized version of EnergyPlus which supports openBuildNet out-of-the-box.
The main differences compared to the original EnergyPlus version, as of this writing, are:

- Co-simulation with [openBuildNet framework](https://sites.google.com/site/buildnetproject/software) replaces BCVTB: all ExternalInterface variables for co-simulation with BCVTB are used for co-simulation with openBuildNet instead.  An additional file named `openbuildnet.cfg` must exist, which contains the settings of the openBuildNet co-simulation.  The EnergyPlus process will act as a node with a vector input `u` and a vector output `y`.  See the example in `third_party/BCVTB/test_openbuildnet` for details.
- The variable configuration file `variables.cfg` is in JSON format instead of XML, and does not require an XML parser nor Java run-time. BCVTB requires the Java run-time, an installation of BCVTB binary, and the environment variable `BCVTB_HOME`. All these requirements / dependencies are now removed.  Consult the example for the specific format of the JSON file `variables.cfg`.
- The original EnergyPlus sets a hard-coded limit on the number of ExternalInterface variables (currently 1024). This customized version allows this limit to be changed via an environment variable named `EPLUS_EXTINT_MAXVAR`. If a valid number is specified by this variable, it will be used as the new limit (could be smaller or larger than the default); otherwise the default will be used. Please specify a sensible value because a too large limit may cause memory problems.
